hey what's going on guys it's oka Kobe
and welcome back to another episode of
mw3 helpful hints in this video I'm
going to be covering some cool spots and
aids on the map sarkan in a hard hat in
terminal and I realized in this late
stage of the game pretty much every spot
has been found so in this video I'm
going to try to stick to spots that are
I wouldn't say secret but fairly
uncommon so without wasting any more
time let's get right into it alright
starting with our cannon not many stones
have been left unturned especially on
the defensive side of the map for
instance everyone knows you can look in
between the bush and the bar and people
are constantly hanging standing on top
of the awning however not many people
know you can get behind this counter
next to be bombsight and that's just
simply because you can't hop over by
pressing a but it is possible what
you're going to want to do is get on
this trashcan and jump to the right
corner of the counter I do recommend
using the assault rifle being that most
of your guns will be long range also
worth noting that you cannot get out
after you get into the counter so make
sure you then have like the bomb down or
have a teammate called planet if you're
on offense now the next spot has to do
with this ledge and there are two ways
to get up there you can either jump on
it from the plane min map which I don't
really suggest you know you're open to
pretty much every direction what I do
suggest is breaking through the glass
and just safely running to it now
everyone knows about the spot but what
people don't know is that there's
actually a wallbang spot to kill people
planning the ball not be now this is
particularly useful when in a 1v1
situation you have two clubs around so
you're going to do is sit in this corner
and you can watch a while you're sitting
up there too and when you hear the ball
being planning that be you just spray
through this wall right here now
majority of the people will plan on the
inside part of the bomb and I do
recommend using impact just so you can
ensure the kill alright next I have a
name that you can throw from be tickle
opponent planning at a for this you're
gonna want to sit behind be bomb either
watching the broken stairs or watching
the middle escalator area once you hear
the ball being planted run and line up
your crosshairs with these two windows
jump and throw the frag and most people
plant so the people in their spawn can't
see them and that's exactly what this
grenade lands it's just another option
you have on trying to clutch the game
now take a look at hard hat there aren't
many spots that people don't know about
yet but I'm going to be showing you
three that I think will help you get
some wins the first is a peekaboo spot
as what i like to call it where you can
see your employment but he can't see you
for this one all you do is simply get
right next to this pipe and as you can
see you have a nice view of B domination
and the tractor once an unsuspecting
enemy starts heading towards you you can
pop out and get the easy kill this next
spot is great when it's a 1v1 situation
and you're able to get the bomb down
planet at a it's another wallbang spot
that is executed by listening for the
jingle of the bomb the actual spray
through spot is right in this crack
right here to take full advantage of the
spot get the bomb planted a day and
proceed to run back towards your spawn
because it is so far away opponents one
thing to check there once you hear that
jingle get up and blow them down impact
is recommended on this spot as well my
final spot is an eight spot to get
people planning the ball might be while
you're watching a to do it you need to
get on these crates and look straight up
line your cursor up like this then jump
and release without cooking the name
there's no way to hear for sure when
they are planning it but if you do have
that gut feeling and pull it off you'll
be rewarded with a sweet killcam moving
on to the final map we have terminal now
this map has been off for two different
titles already so new and unique spots
are very hard to come by but I have two
that are meant to take out campers and
people holding power positions my first
spot is another p gu spot and is used to
take out the guy bookstore being the
middle of the map it is very high
traffic area and there's typically
always at least one enemy in there all
you have to do is crawl up to these
suitcases until they become transparent
then once you see your target pop up and
take them out my last fall for this map
is a cool little jump up it allows you
to take out the guy camping the hallway
as well as the guys sitting behind the
propane tank actual spot is this ledge
but the jump is on the other side next
to this sign now to get up there the
first thing you're going to want to do
is help on top of this desk now make
sure you're standing up and get into
this corner now you're gonna see a press
a sign if you don't just kind of wiggle
your cursor around and make sure you're
in this corner and you will see it once
you see just press a and you'll hop up
now you're gonna want to hop on this now
keep in mind this is not glass although
it may look like it is it's not you can
just goes right through
but you want to do is hop on top of this
little side and hop on top the ledge and
that's it now getting the guy in the
hallways a little bit tricky but if you
get it down there is no way your
opponent will be able to get you and the
same thing applies to the guy behind the
propane tank alright guys that about
wraps up this video if you enjoyed it
please go check out my channel it will
be in the description down below or you
can click on this icon on screen I
upload daily videos bearing from
commentaries gamebattles matches black
ops 2 news and videos like these that
are meant to help you get better but
either way I want to thank you guys for
watching and hopefully I get to see some
of you on my channel peace